News of my return this time
Who the hell knows?
Secret photo of the Queen
Only by the Queen's heart
It seems that these days when I'm away
The Happy King's attitude towards the Queen has changed
The Queen holds high office
Happy King is the queen's brother
They never had a good relationship
But it seems to have been found recently.
Wang Xiaoyao had close contacts with several officials from other provinces
Xiaoyao King has been competitive since he was a child
Several times with the queen
There was a struggle.
Their relationship
It's not nearly as simple as what we see.
It seems that I can't take it anymore
He obviously had something to say just now
You get someone to keep an eye on him
Yes
You go to meet the queen first
I'm going to change clothes
Wait a minute.
Your Highness has something to do now, please follow me first
His Highness has ordered
Can't take him off without his permission
Uh-huh.
Then my daughter